Overhaul buildbot worker setup documentation (#1761)
python/devguide: testing/new-buildbot-worker.rst

         PrivateDevices=yes
         PrivateTmp=yes

         [Install]
         WantedBy=multi-user.target

      Adjust ``User``, ``Group``, ``WorkingDirectory``, and the
      ``ExecStart`` path to match your setup.  If your worker data is
      symlinked from ``/home`` (see the filesystem layout tip above),
      change ``ProtectHome=yes`` to ``ProtectHome=no`` so systemd can
      follow the symlink.  Then::

         systemctl daemon-reload
         systemctl enable --now buildbot-worker@WORKERNAME.service

   .. tab:: SysV init

      For distros without systemd (such as Alpine Linux with OpenRC),
      upstream provides a
      `SysV init script <https://github.com/buildbot/buildbot/blob/master/worker/contrib/init-scripts/buildbot-worker.init.sh>`__
      with a
      `default configuration file <https://github.com/buildbot/buildbot/blob/master/worker/contrib/init-scripts/buildbot-worker.default>`__.
      Install these as ``/etc/init.d/buildbot-worker`` and
      ``/etc/default/buildbot-worker`` respectively, then configure the
      worker instances in the default file.

   .. tab:: Cronjob

      If neither systemd nor a SysV init script is practical, you can use

>       a cronjob.  Add the following line to ``/etc/crontab``::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. tab:: cron job

      If neither systemd nor a SysV init script is practical, you can use
      a cron job.  Add the following line to ``/etc/crontab``::
```

            @reboot buildbot-worker restart /path/to/workerdir

      Note that ``restart`` is used rather than ``start`` in case a crash
      has left a ``twistd.pid`` file behind.

.. tab:: Unix

   .. tab:: rc.d

      If you installed via a package on FreeBSD or OpenBSD, the service
      was already enabled in the installation step above.  To manage it
      manually:

      On FreeBSD::

         service buildbot-worker status
         service buildbot-worker restart

      On OpenBSD::

         rcctl check buildbot_worker
         rcctl restart buildbot_worker

      If you installed via pip, you will need to write an ``rc.d`` script

>       or use the cronjob approach described in the Linux tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      or use the cron job approach described in the Linux tab.
```
